README.md, before:

# Term-Project (Team 7)
The code for CS427 Android app. 
<br/>
<br/>

<b>Team # member information</b>
<br/>
| Name          | NetID         | GitHub ID   | Role          | Experience    |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------| ------------- | ------------- |
| Abrielle Agron      | aa106         | aagron        | Developer   | Python, R, Java, C |            
| Ruhang Ma           | ruhangm2      | ruhang97      | Tech Lead   | Python, Java, C, C++, Go |
| Mingzhi Li          | mingzhi2      | MagicWaterBee | Developer   |  Java/Python, C++  |
| Hojin Ryoo          | hojinr2       | Akolyte       | Manager     | Python, Javascript, R, SQL, Java |
| Kai Li              | kaili6        | kaili6CS411   | Developer   | Java          |
| Christopher Fischer | cjfisch2      | chrisfisch914 | Developer   | Java, Python, R         |
| Hanhui Song         | hanhuis2      | HanhuiSong    | Developer   | Java, Python, R              |
| Jiayuan Li          | jiayuan8      | jiayuan8      | Developer   | Java, Python, R               |
<br/>


<b>Weekly Progress Reports</b>
</br> 
</br>
Meeting time: Sundays - 10:00am (CDT/CT) ( Central Daylight Time / Central Time )
</br> 
Meeting location (zoom link): https://illinois.zoom.us/j/88021817462?pwd=MXcxS0lhYU1RYUdTUGVDeGFIbGtZUT09
</br>
PDF Location: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zdlz1R1aZpph_y5JAZF9ZUkkEvqqLz--yaKdOpcYtGI/edit?usp=sharing
</br> 
</br>
<b>Week 1</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
</br>
During the meeting we introduced each other and went about completing the tasks for Project Milestone 1. We had already created our GitHub repo, and updated it with the information relevant to the milestone. We set a time to meet (Sunday, 10:00am CT, and we created the pdf for submission. We added the necessary screenshots and added the link for the github and then submitted it through the proper channels on Campuswire.
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
| aa106         | Setup the environment and build  | N/A |
| ruhangm2      | Setup the environment and build  | N/A | 
| mingzhi2      | Setup the environment and build  | N/A |
| hojinr2       | Created Github Repo              | TBD until the next milestone is released |
| kaili6        | Setup the environment and build  | N/A |
| cjfisch2 | Setup the environment and build | N/A |
| hanhuis2 | Setup the environment and build | N/A |
| jiayuan8 | Setup the environment and build | N/A |
  
  
</br>


<b>Week 2</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 3</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 4</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 5</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 6</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 7</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 8</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 9</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 10</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 11</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 12</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>

Commit message:

Updated repo for Meeting Week 2

README.md, after:

# Term-Project (Team 7)
The code for CS427 Android app. 
<br/>
<br/>

<b>Team # member information</b>
<br/>
| Name          | NetID         | GitHub ID   | Role          | Experience    |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------| ------------- | ------------- |
| Abrielle Agron      | aa106         | aagron        | Developer   | Python, R, Java, C |            
| Ruhang Ma           | ruhangm2      | ruhang97      | Tech Lead   | Python, Java, C, C++, Go |
| Mingzhi Li          | mingzhi2      | MagicWaterBee | Developer   |  Java/Python, C++  |
| Hojin Ryoo          | hojinr2       | Akolyte       | Manager     | Python, Javascript, R, SQL, Java |
| Kai Li              | kaili6        | kaili6CS411   | Developer   | Java          |
| Christopher Fischer | cjfisch2      | chrisfisch914 | Developer   | Java, Python, R         |
| Hanhui Song         | hanhuis2      | HanhuiSong    | Developer   | Java, Python, R              |
| Jiayuan Li          | jiayuan8      | jiayuan8      | Developer   | Java, Python, R               |
<br/>


<b>Weekly Progress Reports</b>
</br> 
</br>
Meeting time: Sundays - 10:00am (CDT/CT) ( Central Daylight Time / Central Time )
</br> 
Meeting location (zoom link): https://illinois.zoom.us/j/88021817462?pwd=MXcxS0lhYU1RYUdTUGVDeGFIbGtZUT09
</br>
PDF Location: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zdlz1R1aZpph_y5JAZF9ZUkkEvqqLz--yaKdOpcYtGI/edit?usp=sharing
</br> 
</br>
<b>Week 1</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
</br>
During the meeting we introduced each other and went about completing the tasks for Project Milestone 1. We had already created our GitHub repo, and updated it with the information relevant to the milestone. We set a time to meet (Sunday, 10:00am CT, and we created the pdf for submission. We added the necessary screenshots and added the link for the github and then submitted it through the proper channels on Campuswire.
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
| aa106         | Setup the environment and build  | N/A |
| ruhangm2      | Setup the environment and build  | N/A | 
| mingzhi2      | Setup the environment and build  | N/A |
| hojinr2       | Created Github Repo              | TBD until the next milestone is released |
| kaili6        | Setup the environment and build  | N/A |
| cjfisch2 | Setup the environment and build | N/A |
| hanhuis2 | Setup the environment and build | N/A |
| jiayuan8 | Setup the environment and build | N/A |
  
  
</br>


<b>Week 2</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
This week we discussed Project Milestone 2, and dealt out tasks for each group member to do. Teams were split into 3 groups, 1 handling the informal and fully dressed requirements, another group for the Class Diagram, and the last group handling the Component Transition Graph. We then set meetingn times for each group to meet, and fully delved into the project deliverables and the peer review individual requirement.
</br>
Group 1: Requirements
Group 2: Class Diagram
Group3: Component Transition Graph
</br>
Meeting times: 
</br>
Group 1: 5pm CST 10/10
Group 2: TBD EST 10/11
Group 3: TBD TBD TBD
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
| aa106          | N/A                             |  Group 1                     |
| mingzhi2       | N/A                             |  Group 3                     |
| hojinr2        | N/A                             |  Group 2                     |
| kaili6         | N/A                             |  Group 2                     |
| cjfisch2       | N/A                             |  Group 1                     |
| hanhuis2       | N/A                             |  Group 1                     |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 3</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 4</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 5</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 6</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 7</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 8</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 9</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 10</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 11</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>


<b>Week 12</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
|                |                                 |                       |
</br>
